Typo fixes and translate to enGB (#6485)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/osu!_File_Formats/Osu_(file_format)/en.md

| `CircleSize` | Decimal | CS setting (0–10) |
| `OverallDifficulty` | Decimal | OD setting (0–10) |
| `ApproachRate` | Decimal | AR setting (0–10) |

> | `SliderMultiplier` | Decimal | Base slider velocity in hundred-[osu! pixels](/wiki/osupixel) per beat |

Reviewer: `hecto` works as a prefix (akin to `kilo` in *kilogram*), `hundred` doesn't, so you need a very small rephrase here
```suggestion
| `SliderMultiplier` | Decimal | Base slider velocity in hundreds of [osu! pixels](/wiki/osupixel) per beat |
```

Reviewer 2: i got one better https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/6485#discussion_r762086695

Reviewer: I actually like it less!

Author: So which one should it use? `hundreds of` or `100 `?
(personally I like `hundreds of` because the original was a prefix)

Reviewer: we've had a small debate over it in Discord, and came to a conclusion that "... in 100 osu! pixels per beat" is a valid construction.
meanwhile, I've looked it up, and it seems you can still measure something in hundreds, or dozens, or thousands of something else: https://www.google.com/search?q=%22distance+in+hundreds+of+meters%22
so.. idk?

Author: Okay I reckon just go with this one, because its x hundreds of osu! pixels

> | `SliderMultiplier` | Decimal | Base slider velocity in hundred-[osu! pixels](/wiki/osupixel) per beat |

Reviewer 2: the solution is simple

```suggestion
| `SliderMultiplier` | Decimal | Base slider velocity in 100 [osu! pixels](/wiki/osupixel) per beat |
```

Author: isn't this the unit prefix? like `hectometre` =  hundred of metre?

Reviewer 3: Has this not been changed?

Author: still not sure whether to use 100 or hundreds of
